_[<< Back to main page](https://maggievu.github.io/learning-reactjs/)_

## Prototype User Stories

### Prototype

As I mentioned in the previous post, I'll be building the user interface for the landing page of our web app as my first React JS prototype.

Since this is an informative and educative web app, our project will be targeted at science lovers, educational institutions and governmental organizations who follow climate changes.

### User Stories

1. As a user, I want to be able to quickly navigate to different sections of the site, so that I can read what interests and intrigues me.
2. As a user, I want to know where I am on the site by simply looking at the menu, so that I can easily find what I'm looking for.
3. As a user, I want a search button, so that I don't have to go through the menu and go straight to what I'm searching.
4. As a user, I want to be able to contact the team, so that I can get involved or support the project (because I love the idea and the environmental cause behind it).

### Acceptance Criteria

- The first 2 user stories require a navigation menu in the header and footer of the site. The menu will be organized and intuitive for users and, if necessary, will also be splitting into sub-menus.
- The third user story require a functional search button.
- The fourth user story require a basic contact form including required fields (such as name, email, message) and a successful notification informing users that their message has been sent.

_<sub>[<< previous post>](week-09-17-02)</sub>_

_<sub>[next post >>](week-10-01)</sub>_
