_[<< Back to main page](https://maggievu.github.io/learning-reactjs/)_

## Project User Stories

### Project Plan

As I mentioned in the previous post, I plan on including React JS and Redux in our web app project for the remainder of this term.

### User Stories

1. As a user, I want to be able to quickly navigate to different sections of the site, so that I can read what interests and intrigues me.
2. As a user, I want to know where I am on the site by simply looking at the menu, so that I can easily find what I'm looking for.
3. As a user, I want to see images and visualizations so that I know what the site is about without having to get through all the text and description.
4. As a user, I want to be able to contact the team, so that I can support the project.

### Acceptance Criteria

- The first 2 user stories require a navigation menu in the header and footer of the site. The menu will be organized and intuitive for users and, if necessary, will also be splitting into sub-menus.
- The third user story require a carousel with visualizations/images to be built with React and Redux.
- The fourth user story require a contact form including required fields (such as name, email, message) and a successful notification informing users that their message has been sent.

*Since I just started learning Redux, I'll add more to the project and the user stories as I understand more about store management from Redux (meaning the specific requirements, features and functionalities that I will impose to the project). This is a fairly new concept (to me anyway) about the MVC pattern so it will take me a little bit of time to figure this out. Wish me luck!!!*



_<sub>[<< previous post](week-10-08)</sub>_

_<sub>[next post >>](week-10-22)</sub>_
